Update Difficulties (#2819)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Difficulties/en.md

*Not to be confused with [Beatmaps](/wiki/Beatmaps).*

> A beatmap's **difficulty** describes the level of skill needed to complete the beatmap. The difficulty name and star rating of a beatmap usually describe the level of skill needed to pass the beatmap.

Reviewer: "it" unambiguously refers to the same subject, no need to repeat

> A beatmap's **difficulty** describes the level of skill needed to complete the beatmap. The difficulty name and star rating of a beatmap usually give enough information to tell how difficult the beatmap is.

Reviewer 2: This reads worse to me after the change due to the stylistic repetition:

> a *beatmap's* difficulty (...) to complete the *beatmap*

> star rating of a *beatmap* (...) how difficult the *beatmap* is

The previous version using pronouns avoided this and was unambiguous in my opinion.

> ![The star rating on this map](img/difficulty-example.jpg)

Reviewer 2: This alt-text doesn't seem all that useful - how about something like
```suggestion
![An example of how a beatmap's star rating is displayed in the game.](img/difficulty-example.jpg)
```

> ![An example of how a beatmap's star rating is displayed in the game.](img/difficulty-example.jpg)

Reviewer: an example showing multiple difficulties is probably better, and with a set that has diff names relating to their difficulty (easy normal hard etc)

## Difficulty levels

*See also: [Difficulty Naming](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria/Difficulty_Naming)*

> These are the most common beatmap difficulty names that can be found on almost every map. Specifics and definitions can be found under the specific mode's [ranking criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria).

Reviewer 2: Repetition again:
> *Specifics* and definitions (...) under the *specific* mode's

The introductory sentence could be also changed to something like
> The most common beatmap difficulty names for existing gameplay modes are listed below.

![Star rating ranges](img/SR-range.png)

> On the website, beatmaps are automatically given a difficulty icon based on star rating:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the website, beatmaps are automatically given a difficulty icon based on their star rating:
```
